README.md, before:

# APPNAME

## 💡 Inspiration

## 💻 What it does

## ⚙️ How we built it

- React Js: For frontend
- Hedera: For smart contract and user information

## 🔐 MLH- Best Blockchain Project Using Hedera

We are using Hedera to make a decentralized chatroom. Hedera is a decentralized public network that utilizes the Hashgraph consensus algorithm to overcome the traditional limitations of blockchain and allow one to create next era of fast, fair, and secure applications.

## 🤼 Most Creative Use of GitHub

We are using GitHub for the following reasons:

- Collaboration
- Version Control
- Setting up the project
- Implementing the CI/CD workflow
- Deploying the project

## 🖼 Best Use of Figma by Figma

We are using FIgma for prototyping and designing the project. Figma makes it very easy to create a design and prototype it in real time.

## 🌐 Best Domain Name from Domain.com

- Register any .tech domain name from Domain.com, for eg. change-world-with.tech

## 🧠 Challenges we ran into

- Some of us did not have any experience with blockchain or back end. We collaborated and helped each other get up to speed. We managed to get most features working.

## 🏅 Accomplishments that we're proud of

- Completing the project within the given time frame.
- Implemented most of the features we wanted

## 📖 What we learned

- We learned how to use the best tools and frameworks to make the project work.
- How to use Hedera for the smart contract.

## 🚀 What's next for APPNAME

- A mobile app version

## Resources

- https://www.figma.com/file/pRJytUBaIwDjxaz8A6sng2/Frontend?node-id=0%3A1
- https://hedera.com/blog/build-your-first-hcs-powered-web-app

Commit message:

✨ Add Feedback page and update README

README.md, after:

# APPNAME

## 💡 Inspiration

Handling attendance, awarding exam marks, and giving feedback for a whole class of numerous students is not an easy task. Similarly, sometimes it's easy to check and maintain the record of your children for the parents. APPNAME is a tool to help you manage your class if you are a teacher or check your child's performance if you are a parent.

## 💻 What it does

APPNAME is a tool to help you manage your class if you are a teacher or check your child's performance if you are a parent. Teachers can easily maintain the record of their students, from marking their attendance to awarding marks. Parents can easily check their children's performance in the form of graphs and give teachers feedback. Getting the right feedback from the parents for teachers is the key to success in becoming a good teacher. And getting the performance graph of your child can improve your child's performance and motivate them to do their best.

## ⚙️ How we built it

- React Js: For frontend
- Node Js and Express Js: For backend
- MongoDB: For database
- Hedera: For smart contract and user information
- Rechart: For graph
- ChakraUI and Framer Motion: For UI and animation

## 🔐 MLH- Best Blockchain Project Using Hedera

We are using Hedera to make a decentralized chatroom. Hedera is a decentralized public network that utilizes the Hashgraph consensus algorithm to overcome the traditional limitations of blockchain and allow one to create the next era of fast, fair, and secure applications.

## 🤼 Most Creative Use of GitHub

We are using GitHub for the following reasons:

- Collaboration: GitHub makes it easy to share code with others and helps a lot in collaboration.
- Setting up the project: GitHub makes it easy to set up a project and get started.
- Implementing the CI/CD workflow: GitHub makes it easy to implement the CI/CD workflow and makes the deployment process easy.
- Deploying the project: Deploying the project on GitHub helped us to get the project deployed on the network to be accessed by other people.

## 🖼 Best Use of Figma by Figma

We are using Figma for prototyping and designing the project. Figma makes it very easy to create a design and prototype it in real-time.

## 🌐 Best Domain Name from Domain.com

- Register any .tech domain name from Domain.com, for eg. change-world-with.tech

## 🧠 Challenges we ran into

- Some of us did not have any experience with blockchain or the back end. We collaborated and helped each other get up to speed. We managed to get most features working.
- Making the schema of the project was a challenge. We had to make the schema of the project in a way that was easy to understand and maintain.
- Building different portals for different users was a challenge. We had to make the portal for teachers and parents.

## 🏅 Accomplishments that we're proud of

- Completing the project within the given time frame.
- Implemented most of the features we wanted.
- Completing the teacher and parents portal.
- Completing the smart contract.

## 📖 What we learned

- We learned how to use the best tools and frameworks to make the project work.
- How to use Hedera for the smart contract.
- How to deploy a MERN stack project on the network using GitHub pages.
- How to work with MERN stack.

## 🚀 What's next for APPNAME

- A mobile app version

## Resources

- https://www.figma.com/file/pRJytUBaIwDjxaz8A6sng2/Frontend?node-id=0%3A1
- https://hedera.com/blog/build-your-first-hcs-powered-web-app
